## 01. cherubic
If someone looks cherubic, they look sweet and innocent like a cherub.

## 02. transfigure

## 03. unpredictable

## 04. roster

## 05. malaise
(N-UNCOUNT) Malaise is a state in which there is something wrong with a society or group, for which there does not 
seem to be a quick or easy solution.

(N-UNCOUNT) Malaise is a state in which people feel dissatisfied or unhappy but feel unable to change, 
usually because they do not know what is wrong.

## 06. emollient
An emollient is a liquid or cream which you put on your skin to make it softer or to reduce pain.

An emollient cream or other substance makes your skin softer or reduces pain.

An emollient person or emollient speech tries to make things calm and reduce conflict.

## 07. fraternize
If you fraternize with someone, you associate with them in a friendly way.

## 08. optician
An optician is someone whose job involves testing people's sight, and making or selling glasses and contact lenses.

An optician or an optician's is a shop where you can have your eyes tested and buy glasses and contact lenses.

## 09. ingenue
An ingenue is a young, innocent girl in a play or film, or an actress who plays the part of young, innocent girls.

## 10. malnutrition
If someone is suffering from malnutrition, they are physically weak and extremely thin because they have not eaten 
enough food.

## 11. hamstring

(N-COUNT) A hamstring is a length of tissue or tendon behind your knee which joins the muscles of your thigh to the 
bones of your lower leg.

If you hamstring someone, you make it very difficult for them to take any action.

## 12. dodder

## 13. zany
Zany humour or a zany person is strange or eccentric in an amusing way.

## 14. feminism
Feminism is the belief and aim that women should have the same rights, power, and opportunities as men.

## 15. overconfident
too confident

## 16. canard
A canard is an idea or a piece of information that is false, especially one that is spread deliberately in order 
to harm someone or their work.
