
1. seemingly adv
   on the surface   
   seem / appear to do
   It seem / appear that
   
   Mike was very pleasant on the surface, but he had a nasty temper.
   Mike seemed / appeared to be very peasant, but he had a nasty temper.
   It seemed / appeared that Mike was very pleasent, but he had a nasty temper.
   
   seeming / superficial
   In spite of his seeming / superficial friendship, he gave me no help.

2. respectable adj
   respected
   respectful
   respective
   
   respecting
   concerning
   regarding
   
   In the article respecting scientists, the writer is particularly respectful of those who are not only respectable citizens, but respected experts in their respective fields.
   
3. conceal v
   conceal ... from ...
   hide ... from ...
   reveal ... to ...
   disclose ... to ...
   expose ... to ...
   
4. fiction n
   novel -> fiction
   poem -> poetry
   myth -> mythology
   scene -> scenery
   jewel -> jewellery (jewelry)
   machine -> machinery
   leaf -> foliage
   table / chair ... -> funiture
   pen / pencil ... -> stationary
   trunk / suitcase ... -> luggage / baggage

5. unpack v
   pack -> unpack
   load -> unload
   lock -> unlock
   fasten -> unfasten
   screw -> unscrew
   
6. petrify v
   horrify
   terrify
   frighten
   scare
   
   be frightened / scared / afraid of ...

7. dangle v
   suspend 
   hand
   sway
   swing
   
8. unsympathetic adj
   unsympathetic
   sympathetic
   pathetic 
   apathetic   
   sympathize
   sympathize with ...
   sympathy
   
   show sympathy
   win sympathy
   out of sympathy
   Out of sympathy, I gave the bagger some change.

9. a skeleton in the cupboard
   a sckeleton in the closet
   a family skeleton
   wash one's dirty linen
   air one's dirty laundry.
   
10. We often read in novels how a seemingly respectable person or family has some terrible secret which has been concealled from strangers for years.
   We often read in newspapers how a seemingly respectable personality was charged with tax evasion which had been concealed from the public for years.
   Some person at the door is asking to see you.
   
11. saying: proverb / adage
   The Chinese language posseses a vivid saying 'God favors the diligent'.
   As an old Chinese saying goes, 'God favors the diligent'.

12. At the climax of the story, ...

13. The seemingly respectable official embezzled enormous government funds. Now the secret becomes known and his reputation is ruined.

14. The reader's hair stands on end when he reads in the final pages of the novel that the heroine, a dear old lady who had always been so kind to everybody, had, in her youth, poisoned every one of her five husbands.

   My hair stood on end when I watched in the final episode of the TV drama that the hero, a respectable laywer who had been so kind to everybody, turned out to be a savage murderer.   

15. make one's hair stand on end
    make one's blood run cold
    frighten / scare the life out of sb.
    frighten / scare the hell out of sb.
    
   Wait until I tell you about the murder - it will make your hair stand on end.

16. in one's youth
    in one's childhood
    in one's early years
    in one's adolescence
    in one's middle age
    in one's old age

17. It is all very well for such things to occur in fiction, but in real life it is barely credible.
    It is all very well for ... to ..., but ... it is barely ... .
    It is all very well for you to wear pajamas in your own home, but in public it is barely respectable.

18. To varying degreee, we all have secrets which we do not want even our closest friends to learn, but few of us have skeletons in the cupboard.

19. To varying degree.

20. closest friend
    intimate friend
    bosom friend
    pen pal / friend
    internet pan / friend.

21. The only person I know who has a skeleton in the cupboard is George Carlton, and he is very proud of the fact.
    You are the only person I've ever met who could do it.
    He's the best man I can find who can mend it within an hour.
        
    

    
    
           
   
   




   
   



   
   
    
   
   
   
       
   
      
   

      

       
   
   
   
   
   
   
   
   